Interactivity API Docs: Add withScope description (#59542)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/interactivity/docs/api-reference.md

}
```

> ### useScope()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### withScope()
```

Actions can depend on the scope when they are called, e.g., when you call `getContext()` or `getElement()`.

> When the Interactivity API runtime execute callbacks, the scope is set automatically. However, if you call an action from a callback that is not executed by the runtime, like `setInterval()`, you need to ensure that callback sets the scope. The way of doing so is by wrapping the callback with `withScope()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Interactivity API runtime execute callbacks, the scope is set automatically. However, if you call an action from a callback that is not executed by the runtime, like in a `setInterval()` callback, you need to ensure that the scope is properly set. Use the `withScope()` function to ensure the scope is properly set in these cases.
```

An example, where `actions.nextImage` would trigger an undefined error without the wrapper:

```js
store('mySliderPlugin', {
	callbacks: {
		initSlideShow: () => {

> 			const ctx = getContext();
> 			if ( ctx.autoplay ) {
> 				setInterval(
> 					withScope( () => {
> 						actions.nextImage();
> 					} ),
> 					state.transitionsSpeed
> 				);
> 			}

Reviewer: I'd remove some of the less relevant parts of the example:
```suggestion
			setInterval(
				withScope( () => {
					actions.nextImage();
				} ),
				3_000
			);
```
